new:(lib) distgen lib to gen distributable bins (#12)
chef/go-libs: README.md

	fmt.Printf("The client_name from the '%s' profile is: %s", creds.ClientName)
}
```

## `distgen`
A simple generator for creating easily distributable Go packages.

### Simple usage:
```go
package main
//go:generate go run github.com/chef/go-libs/distgen
```

> Look at [distgen/README.md](distgen/README.md) for more example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Look at the [distgen README](distgen/README.md) for more examples.
```
